Wizardry
    
    The Magistrate is an office.
    
    Wizard Class is a player switch, with values: Powerless (default), Legal, Authorial, and Persuasive. Wizard Class is tracked by the Magistrate in eir monthly report.
    
    Wizard Level is a player switch with values integers 1 (default) through 4. Wizard Level is tracked by the Magistrate in eir monthly report.
    
    Wizard Charges is a player switch, with values integers 0 (default) through the max value for Wizard Level. To "spend a charge" is to decrease eir Wizard Charges by 1. A player CAN spend a charge as long as eir Wizard Charges is greater than 0.
    
    A player CAN, by announcement, flip eir Wizard Class to a specified value. When e does so from any value other than Powerless, eir Wizard Level is flipped to half eir current Wizard Level and eir Wizard Charges is flipped to 0.
    
    At the beginning of the month, every player's Wizard Charges is set to eir Wizard Level.

Wizard Powers

    There are class-based Wizard Powers. A player of the appropriate Wizard Class CAN, by announcement and by fulfilling all of its conditions, use a class-based Wizard Power.
    
    Legal Wizards have the following powers:
        * Bless: spend a charge, specify a player, destroy a blot in 
          eir possession
        * Curse: spend two charges, specify a player, create a blot 
          in eir possession
        * Equivocate: spend four charges, specify two players, add 
          their blots balances together, divide that by two (rounded 
          up), destroy all eir blots and grant both of them that 
          amount
        
    Authorial Wizards have the following powers:
        * : spend a charge, specify a proposal, pend it
        * : spend two charges, specify a proposal, unpend it
        
    Persuasive Wizards have the following powers:
        * Buff: spend a charge, specify a proposal, specify a player, 
          double that player's voting strength on that proposal
        * : spend a charge, raise eir voting power by 1 on every 
          proposal for the remainder of the month
        * Hinder: spend two charges, raise the AI of a proposal by 1
        
    There are also level-based Wizard Powers. A player of the appropriate Wizard Level or higher CAN, by announcement and by fulfilling all of its conditions, use a level-based Wizard Power.

    Level 2:
        * Reserve: 
    
    Level 4:
        * Transmute: spend a charge, specify any class-based Wizard Power and use it as if e were that class. E must meet all of its conditions

Source and Crystals

    Source and Crystals are fungible assets tracked by the Magistrate 
    in eir weekly report. Source Corruption is a player switch with 
    integer values 1 (default) to infinity. Source Corruption is 
    tracked by the Magistrate in eir monthly report.

    A player CAN, by announcement, spend a number of Source equal to eir Source Corruption to create one Crystal in eir possession. When a player does so, eir Source Corruption is increased by 1.
    
    A player CAN, by announcement, spend a number of Source equal to eir current Wizard Level to increase eir Wizard Level by one, if it is not already the max value.
    
    A player CAN, by announcement, spend a Source to flip eir Wizard Charges to eir Wizard Level.
    
    When a player has 5 crystals e CAN, by announcement, Ascend and win the game. 4 days after a player ascends:
    * all player's Wizard Classes are set to Powerless, then
    * all player's Wizard Levels are set to half eir current Wizard Level Value (rounded up), then
    * all player's Wizard Charges are set to the minimum of its current value and eir Wizard Level.
    
    A player CAN spend charges equal to eir Wizard Level to create one
    Source in eir possession.
